Xia Zhu, I think you are crazy
Supervisor Li
Shut up!
This dog is not yours
It's not your turn to peel
If you don't agree, get out
Supervisor Li will treat this manuscript as yours
Can you let me dial?
No one is more familiar with this manuscript than I am
I can definitely dial it
Okay, okay.
You're a mother now.
This news
Must be looking for a beautiful young girl
How could it be your turn?
Who are you going to have to peel it off?
This news
I'll do it.
This is my announcement.
Start today.
Miss Xia is our company
Future ace live streaming host
Applause and welcome
first meeting
What does summer lily mean?
Shut up Xia Zhu
How dare you call Miss Xia by her full name?
I'll tell you what.
Miss Xia is Xi Shao's rumored fiancee
In the future, our whole company will go up and down
It's all up to Miss Xia to have the final say
I see
I said why did the supervisor suddenly target me today?
It's you guys who are working together